Update 9 branch for V7 of autoupgrade module (#1943)
PrestaShop/docs: basics/keeping-up-to-date/update/_index.md

---
menuTitle: Update
title: How to update PrestaShop
description: Everything you need to know to update your PrestaShop to the latest version
weight: 80
aliases:
  - /9/basics/keeping_up-to-date/update
  - /9/basics/keeping-up-to-date/upgrade
  - /9/basics/keeping-up-to-date/upgrade-module
---

# How to update PrestaShop

This chapter describes several ways to complete an update of PrestaShop.

> ## Update Assistant module - Update from the Back-Office interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Update Assistant module - Update from the back office interface
```

If I recall correctly glossary says that we should use "back office" :)

Author: Done in v9

You can use provided `Update Assistant` module to update your store to the newest version using web interface. You can read more about the module and how to use it [here][1].

## Update Assistant module - Update from the Command-Line (CLI)
`Update Assistant` module is fully accessible through `cli`. You can read all the details [here][2].

## Support service

> Doing an update by yourself can be risky. If you feel uncomfortable with doing it on your own, you can find support on <a href="https://www.prestashop-project.org/support/" target="_blank">prestashop-project.org </a>.
> 
> Basically, the process and the result will be the same. The existing data on the store will be kept, as well as your module and your current theme.
> 
> Many agencies and freelancers in your area may also provide this kind of service.
> 
> More information about support: <a href="https://www.prestashop-project.org/support/" target="_blank">PrestaShop project support page</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updating your store yourself can be risky. If you're unsure about handling it on your own, you can seek professional help from agencies, freelancers, or the [PrestaShop support network](https://www.prestashop-project.org/support/).

Regardless of how you proceed, the update process ensures that your existing store data, modules, and theme are preserved.
```
